index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## About Me

<!-- During my undergraduate journey, I was an active member of [CyKor](https://ctftime.org/team/369), a hacking team, and deeply interested in information security. Now, as I transition into the field of AI, I am passionate about applying my skills to solve real-world problems from a hacker’s perspective. -->

<!-- ## Research Interests -->

I’m currently pursuing a Master’s in AI at [CVML Lab](https://sites.google.com/view/cvml-kaist), KAIST. I earned my Bachelor’s degree in Cyber Defense from Korea University.

I am deeply interested in enhancing the **efficiency of deep learning models**, not only from a software perspective but also by focusing on **hardware and system-aware optimization**. While my work has primarily focused on **diffusion model quantization**, my broader goal is to eliminate redundancies in computationally intensive models to achieve sustainable AI.


## Education 
- **M.S. in Artificial Intelligence, KAIST**, 2023.02-2025.02
- **B.S. in Cyber Defense, Korea University**, 2019.03-2023.02

## News

- **[Jan. 2025]** Our paper about **Diffusion Quantization** is accepted to **ICLR 2025**.
- **[Jun. 2024]** Our paper about **Quantization-aware Fine-Tuning** is accepted to **ECCV 2024**.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

## Work Experiences
- **Naver Corp.** (2022.01-2022.02)
  - Software Engineer Internship, Dept. of Multimodal Applications
  - Project: Extracting Trivia Sentence from Unstructured Text Data and Search Engine Improvement.

- **AI Research Lab, Korea university** (2021.01-2021.12)
  - Undergraduate Research Student (Advisor: Sangkyun Lee)
  - Project: Energy Backdoor Attacks on Deep Learning Models

{% include_relative _includes/services.md %}

Commit message:

Add Krafton experience, create Playground page, and redesign responsive UI

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## About Me

<!-- During my undergraduate journey, I was an active member of [CyKor](https://ctftime.org/team/369), a hacking team, and deeply interested in information security. Now, as I transition into the field of AI, I am passionate about applying my skills to solve real-world problems from a hacker’s perspective. -->

<!-- ## Research Interests -->

I’m currently pursuing a Master’s in AI at [CVML Lab](https://sites.google.com/view/cvml-kaist), KAIST. I earned my Bachelor’s degree in Cyber Defense from Korea University.

I am deeply interested in enhancing the **efficiency of deep learning models**, not only from a software perspective but also by focusing on **hardware and system-aware optimization**. While my work has primarily focused on **diffusion model quantization**, my broader goal is to eliminate redundancies in computationally intensive models to achieve sustainable AI.


## Education 
- **M.S. in Artificial Intelligence, KAIST**, 2023.02-2025.02
- **B.S. in Cyber Defense, Korea University**, 2019.03-2023.02

## News

- **[Jan. 2025]** Our paper about **Diffusion Quantization** is accepted to **ICLR 2025**.
- **[Jun. 2024]** Our paper about **Quantization-aware Fine-Tuning** is accepted to **ECCV 2024**.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

## Work Experiences
- **Krafton AI** (2025.03-Present)
  - Research Engineer, Simulation AI Team
  - Project: InZOI SmartZoi and character simulation systems
  - Ongoing: Simulation development for InZOI characters
  - Built coding-agent workflows; achieved 74% on Terminal-Bench
  - Result: Rank #2 Global, Rank #1 with Opus 4.6

- **Naver Corp.** (2022.01-2022.02)
  - Software Engineer Internship, Dept. of Multimodal Applications
  - Project: Extracting Trivia Sentence from Unstructured Text Data and Search Engine Improvement.

- **AI Research Lab, Korea university** (2021.01-2021.12)
  - Undergraduate Research Student (Advisor: Sangkyun Lee)
  - Project: Energy Backdoor Attacks on Deep Learning Models

{% include_relative _includes/services.md %}
